METAMORPHOSES.

Where are Paros‚*Delos, Lebyn-
thos, and Calymne ?

What was the consequence of
the disobedience of Icarus to
the advice of his father?

Where is the Icarian sea?

Who was Talus, and into what
was he changed?

Where is Phrygia?

Who was Lelex?

Why is Mercury styled Atlantid-
des and caducifer ?

Who were Baucis and Philemon ?

Why were geese held in high es-
timation by the Romans and
kept in their houses ?

How was the piety of Baucis and
Philemon rewarded, and into
what were they eventually
changed ?

Where was Tyana situated?

Boox lx.

Who was Hercules?
To whose will was Hercules long
Whompeugld to tsgbmig?

o was ur s eus.
Which of theygoddesses was an
wssnemy tg Hercules?

o was e amra .

How did th'ls contest between
Hercules and Achelous end?
vWhat is said to have been the

Wplrigin otl'NI the Cegrnucopia ,9

o was essus.

How did De'anira come into the
power of essus?

What gift did Dejanira receive
from the dying Centaur?

Where was the city OEchalia?

Where was Caene, and to whom
was it sacred?

Why is Hercules sometimes call-
ed Am hitryoniades Ρ

Why di Dejanira send the gar-
ment of Nessus to her husband
at OEchalia?

Who was LichaS, and what was ,
his end ?

What was the second labour of
the son of Alcmena ?

What was the effect of the pois·

⁴ 303

oned garment on the body of
Hercules ? ‚

Who was Busiris, and by whom
was he slain?

Who was AntoeuS, and how was ·
he killed?

What was the tenth labour of
Hercules ?

Who was Cerberus?

What was the twelfth labour of
Hercules ?

Where is the Peloponnesus?

What was the seventh labour of

’ the son of Alcmena?

Where is Elis ?

Who was Augias?

What was the fifth labeur of Her-
cules ?

In what country was the lake
Stymphalus ?

What was the sixth labour of
Hercules ?

What was the third labour that
lEurystheus imposed on Hercu·
es ?

Who were the Amazons, and

where did they reside?
Who was Hippolyte ?

Who was Theseus?

What was the ninth labour of
Hercules ?

Who were the Hesperides?

What was the eleventh labour of
Hercules ? Α

By whom were the Centaurs de-
stroyed ί’ ·

What was the fourth labour of
Hercules 2

Where is Arcadia ’.ἱ

How did Hercules destroy the
Hydra of Lerna ’.ἱ

Where was Lerna situated ‘3

Where is Thrace ’.ἲ

What was the eighth labour of
Hercules ἓ

In what country was Nemaea?

What was the first labour, which

Eurystheus imposed on the son
of Alcmena ’.ἒ
Who was the wife of Jupiter ‚²
On what mountain did Hercules
die, and where is it situated ’.ἱ
Who was Philoctetes, and in
what manner did he contri-

