310

What is the most easy method of

1233?”2⁰⁵35552252‘5“5ff⁶153322dy
ever assist in determining the
meaning os a word?

Give an instance.

·Who pvas Patroclus?

·Give some account of him. ⁸

. Who was Rhesus, and what was
the oracle respecting him ?

How was Dolon taken, and by
whom?

By whom was Tro built?

Who was Irus, an what was hls
character?

who was Melanthius ?

Who was Icarius ?

Wlfiat² did he urge Penelope to
o.

How was Penelope afflicted in ·

the absence of her husband?
Whom did Ulysses leave with
Penelope ? “

Erisru: VII.

mno ΤΟ ΕΠΕΔΒ.

Who was Dido ?

Why did she leave her native
country ?

What cit did Dido build?

How di Dido treat AEneas and
his companions when cast upon
her coast?

Why did not AEneas remain at

³ Carthage?

How did the intended departure
of AEneas affect Dido ?

What is the object os this epistle ?

When is the swan said to sing?

How is nurui, in the 27th verse,
applied to Dido?

Who is meant by fratrem in the
same verse ἓ Α

Why is Venus called Cytherea?

What does Dido say made her

QUESTION S .

believe AEneas would remain
with her?

Who was Iarbas?

Who was Pygmalion, and whom
did he murder?

What does Dido mean by Pygma·
lionis opes ’.ἱ

What name, besides Dido, had
the queen of Carthage?

Ems'ruz X.

amamus· ΤΟ ΤΕΕΞΕΠΕ.

Who was MinoS‚ and why did he
make war upon the Atheni·
ans? κ

On what conditions did Minos
make peace?

What was the Minotaur?

Who destroyed this monster?

Who aided TheseuS, and what
return did he make ?

By what signal did Ariadne en·
deavour to recall Theseus to
the island sor her?

busa-u: xm.

LAonAnnA ΤΟ Pnortstnaus.

Who was Protesilaii5‚ and what
was his end?

What happened to the Grecian
fleet at Aulis?

Who was Laodamia ?

For what purpose does she write
this letter?

Who were Iphiclus and Acastus?

What was the thyrsus?

Who were called Phyllexdes2

Who was Phylacus?

Whose sons were Castor and Pol·
lux ἓ

What had Neptune to do with
Troy?

